---
title: Hello
date: 2026-01-16
---

This is attempt seventeen or so of telling myself that I should "start a blog".

I enjoy writing, and I like the idea of publishing/sharing stuff online, but I think my problem is that I'm trying to systematize the process too much. I write something here and something there, like atoms, but I don't have coherent frame to publish any of it in, no defined bonds between them, and so I leave things unposted. I think I'll let that frame go.

What I need to do is not 'write a blog', but to start blogging. Start writing. The system doesn't matter. Let structure emerge. Do not allow something to go undone because it doesn't fit within some premeditated hierarchy of what is and isn't worth doing.

I'm just having fun. Test.

---

I think another reason why I haven't had the momentum to really post some of my thoughts is because one of subjects I like thinking about is organization itself. Information systems, ontology, classification, file browsers, content-management systems, that sort of thing. It's hard for me to separate the content from the form in which it is presented, and so I feel that by pushing out my musings in plaintext or html or whatever, it isn't really "valuable", that what's interesting is not the content of any one atom, but the structure of the entire collection of information, the relationships and the metadata. But there is no one without the other, no all without the one. I get stuck in this loop of waiting to show anybody anything I've done until after I can figure out how to present it in some elaborately designed perfect way, then proceed to think more about how to design organizational systems, thoughts which have no place to be shared or discussed. Eating my own tail...


---

Anyway, this is me accepting that it doesn't matter if my posts are a mess, because it doesn't actually matter if anybody's reading this. I’m writing for myself as much as anybody else, and keeping things stashed away in folders and drawers is just cluttering my own mind. 

And despite my reluctance to use static HTML, because I want everything to be rich and dynamic and interactive, I'm gonna force myself to be simple. Perhaps in the exercise I'll learn to appreciate the elegance and beauty to be found in that sort of simplicity, and to better understand the natural complexity that emerges.